README.md, before:

# 3Q098065x-Tools
## NOT FOR COMMERCIAL USE - IF YOU BOUGHT THIS YOU GOT RIPPED OFF!

![Generator](https://github.com/Mr-MIBonk/3Q098065x-Tools/blob/main/3Q_Dataset_Generator.JPG)

## CAUTION:
Be cautious with these modifications, it is all of your own risk, stay healthy and always drive according to the leagal road traffic regulations!
# All you do and use at your own risk!

## Functions:
This Tools make it possible to extends the warning parameters for the Lane Assistant e.g. like here https://github.com/Mr-MIBonk/Lane-Assistant-60-Seconds
But this means that a vital function, the Emergency Assistant, will be pushed further into the future or rescue in an emergency is lost!
It can change Lane Assistant Start and stop parameters, too.
There are some LA profies, the 1499 ist interessting for Sterrig wheel vibrations 😉

![Calculator](https://github.com/Mr-MIBonk/3Q098065x-Tools/blob/main/3Q_Config_Calculator.JPG)

If you think you have found a Byte in other software versions (e.g. Index S), 
you can use the calculator to create a JSON config without having to do any calculations yourself in order to use the configuration with Dataset Generator or to check the data set.

If anyone has found improvements or new configurations and would like an integration, just let us know!

## NOTE:
There are some very stupid idiots who just copy everything and change the intervention for making money!
Do not support such sloppy and dangerous manipulations! Fuck all this copy/paste moneymakers who stole the work and don't pay for it! 🖕

Commit message:

update Readme with supported HW/SW

README.md, after:

# 3Q098065x-Tools
## NOT FOR COMMERCIAL USE - IF YOU BOUGHT THIS YOU GOT RIPPED OFF!

![Generator](https://github.com/Mr-MIBonk/3Q098065x-Tools/blob/main/3Q_Dataset_Generator.JPG)

currently supported 3Q0980653F, 3Q0980654C, 3Q0980654F, 3Q0980654G, 3Q0980654H, 3Q0980654L, 3Q0980654Q
I hope that I can spend some time in future to find the bytes for Index S, too.

## CAUTION:
Be cautious with these modifications, it is all of your own risk, stay healthy and always drive according to the leagal road traffic regulations!
# All you do and use at your own risk!

## Functions:
This Tools make it possible to extends the warning parameters for the Lane Assistant e.g. like here https://github.com/Mr-MIBonk/Lane-Assistant-60-Seconds
But this means that a vital function, the Emergency Assistant, will be pushed further into the future or rescue in an emergency is lost!
It can change Lane Assistant Start and stop parameters, too.
There are some LA profies, the 1499 ist interessting for Sterrig wheel vibrations 😉

![Calculator](https://github.com/Mr-MIBonk/3Q098065x-Tools/blob/main/3Q_Config_Calculator.JPG)

If you think you have found a Byte in other software versions (e.g. Index S), 
you can use the calculator to create a JSON config without having to do any calculations yourself in order to use the configuration with Dataset Generator or to check the data set.

If anyone has found improvements or new configurations and would like an integration, just let us know!

## NOTE:
There are some very stupid idiots who just copy everything and change the intervention for making money!
Do not support such sloppy and dangerous manipulations! Fuck all this copy/paste moneymakers who stole the work and don't pay for it! 🖕
